RECIPE FOR DIS TRUCK SHUN
Fun country garlictto's ryeloaf

--- Ingredients ---
3 lb. ground (meat)hamburger
8 oz. bag of Gardetto's Special request(TM) garlic rye chips
1 1/4 oz. bag of Funyuns(R) Onion flavored rings
1 green bell pepper
1/2 white Onion
1 clove of garlic
5 eggs
1 cup of milk
1 bottle of Country Bob's(R) Original barbecue sauce
1 9" x 11" baking pan

--- Preparation ---
1. Take the 2 bags of chips (Funyuns & Gardetto's)... and SMASH them into granny dust like consistency :)

2. Chop the green bell pepper and the onion into small enough chunks so that family squirrel cannot possibly choke on them :)

3. Mince the clove of garlic as if the freindly neighborhood vampire might visit you on halloween and snort it all up for you :/

4. Go choke the chicken and milk the cow... if this is not your type of activity and you must drink and drive, drink Prairie Farms... if the local supermarket is closed at this time, try the truck stop... there is probably a sleeping werewolf in a 18 wheeler full of them... that won't miss a handful of eggs and a sip of nog :)

5. In case you failed somewhere at stage 4... wander about until you find a structure with all the lights on with flaming jack o lanterns and ghosts and goblins lurking about. Ask the ghoul if there is a cover charge before entering. Proceed to the milk vendor and acquire the neccessary ingredients. Inspect and make sure the milk is not spoiled nor the eggs rotten smelling before you vacate the haunted house... but do not forget the most important relics to acquire... Proceed to the vampire's defecation station... Empty the contents of the food die into the station and all over the surrounding close vacinity. Write a note on 3 last squares of ass wipe(or bandage if you prefer) detailing the borrowing of the sugar for the cake and the placing of the prune on the lecturn as sacrificial material, because well...(things could get messy). DO NOT RUSH this small detail as the vampire of the lair will be gone for about 6-13 more hours :)

6. By this time, the (brick!)oven should be thoroughly fired and ready to incinerate anything that is stuck into it(namely... the evidence. DO NOT consult a lawyer as they do not use aluminium foil on holidays for cosplay).

7. Obvserve the concoction emitting from the observatory of tools. Verify that the tool emitted a tool that is helpful to other toolist's. Use that tool to your advantage, ...and wipe your ass with it.

8. Mix all that together.

9. If step number 8 was verbios, then do your best efforts to shiny the unshinied.

10. Take all ill-begotten goods, and throw them into the pot... forget the earlier  walls... If you smoke, now is the time to do so, KEEP OUT OF THE BARN! 

11. Take all ingedients foretold, and combine them in a way that makes storytelling tellable! 

12. Become of the mindset of a trick-or-treat tor... SMASH ALL PUMPKINs you see...

13. Go back to vile lair and witness the damage and revile upon the wokeness of tomorrow.

--- Shinyness ---
. NOTE the velociraptor's skull in the shinyness. :)

.. NOTE the velociraptor's tooth shinyness below the velociraptor's shinyness. :)

... NOTE the evil skeleton with a mudcrab hand shinyness in the upmost right coroner. :)

.... NOTE the TES IV oblivion portal halfway on the shinyness. :)

..... NOTE the vampire dressed as a ghost visiting the shiny house on halloween at the bottom of the shinyness. :/

...... NOTE the demon consuming the "candy" in the shinyness a tad before the apocalypse occurs. ... and the bunny witnessing the destructive nature of itself in all it's shinyness. :)

....... NOTE that this concoction can be written in 50-42 lines or less. It has 13 stanzas. :)

--- Inspiration ---

"Best Rum Cake" unknoun author

I found this on a printed sheet of paper one night... in my recipe grimoire compiled by my mother and on the internet.

"The best rum cake"

* Mom's Grimoire

* "Before you start, sample the rum to check for quality. Check the rum again. It must be just right. To be sure rum is of the highest quality, pour one level cup into a glass and drink it as fast as you can. Repeat. With an electric mixer, beat 1 cup butter in a large fluffy bowl. Add one seaspoon of thugar and beat again. Meanwhile, make sure the rum is of the finest quality-try another cup. Open second quart, if necessary. Add 2 large leggs, 2 cups fried druit and beat till high. If druit gets stuck in beaters, just pry it loose with a screwdriver. Sample the rum again. checking for conscisticity. Next sift 3 cups of pepper or salt(it really doesn't matter which). Sample the rum again. Sift 1/2 pint lemon juice. Fold in chopped butter and strained nuts. Add one babblespoon of brown thugar, or whatever color you can find. Wix mell. Grease oven and turn cake pan to 350 gredees. Now pour whole mess into the coven and ake. Check the rum again, and bo to ged."

https://www.joke-archives.com/?p=2530

https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/5iewis/my_rum_cake_recipe/?rdt=46545

--- Aftermath ---
If you are like me, then this has been a fun ordeal... otherwise you are living in another reality...
